include-file = ~/.config/polybar/colors
include-file = ~/.config/polybar/modules
include-file = ~/.config/polybar/decor
include-file = ~/.config/polybar/system

[bar/mainbar]
monitor = ${env:MONITOR}

override-redirect = false

bottom = false
fixed-center = true

width = 100%
height = 25

offset-x = 1%
offset-y = 1%

background = ${color.barbackground}
foreground = ${color.foreground}

radius-top = 0.0
radius-bottom = 0.0

line-size = 2
line-color = ${color.blue}

border-size = 6
border-color = ${color.barbackground}

padding = 0

module-margin-left = 0
module-margin-right = 0

font-0 = "Source Code Pro Medium:size=10;3"
font-1 = "Iosevka Nerd Font:size=12;3"
font-2 = "Iosevka Nerd Font:size=16;4"
font-3 = "Iosevka Nerd Font:size=18;4"
font-4 = "Source Code Pro Bold:size=13;3"

modules-left = BLD launcher BRD sep  i3  
modules-right =  GLD cpu YPL memory CPL filesystem CRD sep MLD time GMPL network GRD sep BLD battery MPL volume RPL poweroff RRD spacing


spacing = 0
dim-value = 1.0

tray-position = right
tray-detached = false
tray-maxsize = 16
tray-background = ${color.barbackground}
tray-offset-x = 0
tray-offset-y = 0
tray-padding = 0
tray-scale = 1.0

enable-ipc = true

cursor-click = 
cursor-scroll = 


[settings]
throttle-output = 5
throttle-output-for = 10
screenchange-reload = false
compositing-background = source
compositing-foreground = over
compositing-overline = over
compositing-underline = over
compositing-border = over
pseudo-transparency = false




